She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
The father died during childbirth.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Don't step on the broken glass.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
Love is not like pizza.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
She was too short to see over the fence.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
The book is in front of the table.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
I want more detailed information.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
We should play with legos at camp.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
The river stole the gods.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
This is a Japanese doll.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Please wait outside of the house.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Flying fish few by the space station.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
So long and thanks for the fish.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
A glittering gem is not enough.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.